#This is day 1.
I wanted to have a blog post as I go through my journey of non-computer-science major becoming a software developer. It was meant as a _Dear Diary_ initially, but I soon realized this would be a log of my struggles and wins helping me see _how far I have come_.

##Goals I have set for myself for day 1 -
[x] Create a GitHub repo to host my blog.
[x] Understand how to write blogs on Github pages using markdown.
[ ] Create an initial commit and push it to the repo.

###Comments

- The 3rd (straightforward) goal of
  > [ ] Create an initial commit and push it to the repo
  > is turning out to be not so straightforward after all. My first push to this repo generated the following error. I added my SSH key to Github but no luck. -
  > @@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@
  > @ WARNING: REMOTE HOST IDENTIFICATION HAS CHANGED! @
  > @@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@
  > IT IS POSSIBLE THAT SOMEONE IS DOING SOMETHING NASTY!
  > Someone could be eavesdropping on you right now (man-in-the-middle attack)!
  > It is also possible that a host key has just been changed.
  > The fingerprint for the RSA key sent by the remote host is
  > SHA256:xxxxxxxxx
  > Please contact your system administrator.
  > Add correct host key in /Users/sahibakhanna/.ssh/known_hosts to get rid of this message.
  > Offending RSA key in /Users/sahibakhanna/.ssh/known_hosts:1
  > Host key for github.com has changed and you have requested strict checking.
  > Host key verification failed.
  > fatal: Could not read from remote repository.
  > Please make sure you have the correct access rights
  > and the repository exists.
